[All Hosts] (overview) correct mistake in overview (#4296)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/office-add-ins.md

## How are Office Add-ins different from COM and VSTO add-ins?

> COM and VSTO add-ins are earlier Office integration solutions that run only in Office on Windows. Unlike COM and VSTO add-ins, Office Add-ins are web add-ins: the application (for example, Excel), reads the add-in manifest and hooks up the add-in's custom ribbon buttons and menu commands in the UI. When needed, it loads the add-in's JavaScript and HTML code, which executes in the context of a browser or webview control in a sandbox.

Reviewer: A couple suggestions to help localization.
```suggestion
COM and VSTO add-ins are earlier Office integration solutions that run only in Office on Windows. Unlike COM and VSTO add-ins, Office Add-ins are web add-ins: the application (for example, Excel), reads the add-in manifest and connects the add-in's custom ribbon buttons and menu commands in the UI. When needed, it loads the add-in's JavaScript and HTML code, which runs in the context of a browser or webview control in a sandbox.
```
